#14 Convert doc format from md to rst (#15)
oharastream/ohara-quickstart: docs/src/quickstart_vm.rst

Ohara Quickstart VM
==============================

Prerequisites
-------------

* OS: Windows / Linux / MacOS
* `VirtualBox <https://www.virtualbox.org/>`_ 5.2+: Oracle VM VirtualBox, is a free and open-source virtual machine.

> * `Ohara Quickstart VM image <https://github.com/oharastream/ohara-quickstart/releases>`__: A OVA(Open Virtual Appliance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Ohara Quickstart VM image <https://github.com/oharastream/ohara-quickstart/releases>`__: An OVA(Open Virtual Appliance)
```

  file, a pre-prepared virtual machine image for Ohara quickstart. You can download .ova from the release page.
  For example: ohara-quickstart-0.8.0.ova

    .. figure:: images/download_assets.png
       :alt: download_assets
       :scale: 50%
       :target: https://github.com/oharastream/ohara-quickstart/releases

Installation
------------

VirtualBox
^^^^^^^^^^

  Please download virtualbox from `here <https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads>`_, and reference
  `this article <https://www.virtualbox.org/manual/ch02.html>`__ to install.

Import Quickstart VM
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

  You can use VirtualBox user interface to import the Ohara Quickstart VM(ova file):
  **Main menu -> File -> Import Appliance**

Setup VirtualBox network adapter
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Quickstart VM required a **Host-only network adapter** to be configured so that you can connect from host machine to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quickstart VM requires a **Host-only network adapter** to be configured so that you can connect from the host machine to
```

guest machine(Quickstart VM).

  .. note::

>     Quickstart VM use network adapter ``vboxnet0`` with DHCP Server enabled as **default Host-only adapter**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Quickstart VM uses network adapter ``vboxnet0`` with DHCP Server enabled as **default Host-only adapter**,
```

>     if there are already have ``vboxnet0`` adapter in your VirtualBox, you can just skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if there is already a ``vboxnet0`` adapter in your VirtualBox, you can just skip this step.
```

         MacOS - Create network adapter

    2. Setting network adapter

       Select the imported ohara-quickstart VM, click **Setting**, click **Network**,
       click **Adapter2**, select **Host-only Adapter**, and select the newly added
       network card.

      .. figure:: images/mac_setting_network.png
         :alt: setting\_network\_mac
         :scale: 30%

         MacOS - Setting VM's network adapter

  .. tab:: Windows

    1. Create network adapter

       Click **Global Tools** and then click **Create**, ensure that the DHCP Enable option
       is selected.

       .. figure:: images/win_add_network.png
          :alt: create\_network\_windows
          :scale: 45%

          Windows - Create network adapter

    2. Setting network adapter

       Select the imported ohara-quickstart VM, click **Setting**, click **Network**,
       click **Adapter2**, select **Host-only Adapter**, and select the newly added
       network card.

       .. figure:: images/win_setting_network.png
          :alt: setting\_network\_windows
          :scale: 45%

          Windows - Setting VM's network adapter

Install Ohara and other services
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Once the Quickstart VM imported and the network adapter is configured, you can press

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Quickstart VM is imported and the network adapter is configured, you can press
```

**Start** to start Quickstart VM and then use ``ohara`` as username and

> ``oharastream`` as password to login system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``oharastream`` as password to log into the system.
```

> Ohara installation will be start automatically if this is your first time to login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ohara installation will be starting automatically if this is your first time to log into the
```

> system. This step will be take some times to download Ohara docker images and other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system. This step will take some times to download Ohara docker images and other
```

backend service images(e.g., PostgreSQL, Ftp)

  .. figure:: images/vm_ohara_install_1.jpg
     :alt: install_ohara_1
     :scale: 30%

     Ohara installation started

  .. figure:: images/vm_ohara_install_2.jpg
     :alt: install_ohara_2
     :scale: 30%

     Ohara and service installed

> After the installation complete, some services connection information should be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation is complete, some services connection information should be displayed.
```

For example:

  .. code-block:: text

    > FTP ready on ftp://ohara:oharastream@192.168.56.105:21

    > Postgresql ready on jdbc:postgresql://192.168.56.105:5432/postgres (user=ohara, password=oharastream)

    > SMB ready on smb://ohara:oharastream@192.168.56.105:445/ohara

    > Ohara ready on http://192.168.56.105:5050

> As we can see, the VM's ip address is `192.168.56.105`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see in the above, the VM's IP address is `192.168.56.105`.
```

> And then we can open browser page using `http://192.168.56.105:5050` to open **Ohara Manager**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can then open the browser and enter this URL in browser's address bar `http://192.168.56.105:5050`. to open  **Ohara Manager**.
```

Terminology
-----------

Node
  Ohara node is the basic unit of running service. It can be either physical

>   machine or vm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  machine or VM.
```

Workspace
  Every Ohara workspace contains multiple Ohara services including: Zookeepers, Brokers and Workers
  so that can be running pipelines which created in the workspace.

Pipeline

>   Ohara Pipeline allows you to define your data stream, use **Connector** to connect the external storage systems,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ohara Pipeline allows you to define your data stream, use **Connector** to connect to the external storage systems,
```

  and use **StreamApp** to customize data transformation and stream processing.

Connector
  Connector is used to connect the external storage systems, it has two types - source connector and sink connector.
  Source connector pulls data from another system and then push to topic. By contrast, Sink connector pulls data from
  topic and then push to another system.

StreamApp
   StreamApp is powered by `Kafka Streams <https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/streams/>`_. Provide the user
   a simple way to write their own stream processing application.

----

Preparation for pipeline creation
---------------------------------

>   Ohara Manager is the user interface of Ohara. Ohara Manager provide user interface to allow user to design their data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ohara Manager is the user interface of Ohara. Ohara Manager provides a user interface to allow user to design their data
```

>   pipeline without complex coding. Because we just complete Ohara installation in the Quickstart VM, so we need to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pipeline without complex coding. Because we just complete Ohara installation in the Quickstart VM, so we need to do the
```

>   following task before create our first data pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  following tasks before creating our first data pipeline.
```

  * Add node
  * Create workspace
  * Create two topics
  * Upload StreamApp jar file

Add node
^^^^^^^^

- Click Menu **Nodes**
- Click **NEW NODE**

  .. figure:: images/node_list.png
     :alt: node\_list
     :scale: 40%

- In the **New node** dialog, please fill the following fields:

  - Type Node (${IP})
  - Type Port **22**
  - Type User **ohara**
  - Type Password **oharastream**
- Click **TEST CONNECTION**
- Click **ADD**

  .. figure:: images/new_node.png
     :alt: new\_node
     :scale: 40%

- After the node was added, you can see the newly created node on the
  Nodes page.

  .. figure:: images/new_node_list.png
     :alt: node\_list
     :scale: 40%

Create workspace
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Click Menu **Workspaces**
- Click **NEW WORKSPACE**

  .. figure:: images/workspace_list.png
     :alt: workspace\_list
     :scale: 40%

  .. note::
    Posgresql jdbc driver would be used by JDBC Source Connector, we need to upload the driver file during the
    workspace creation in current Ohara version. (Please download from `here <https://jdbc.postgresql.org/download.html>`__)

> - In the **New workspace** dialog, please fill the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the **New workspace** dialog, please fill in the following fields:
```

  .. figure:: images/wait_workspace.png
     :alt: wait\_workspace
     :scale: 40%

- You can see that workspace has been built on the list

  .. figure:: images/new_workspace_list.png
     :alt: new\_workspace\_list
     :scale: 40%

Create Two Topics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Click Menu **Workspaces**
- Click **wk00 Action**
- Click **TOPICS**

  .. figure:: images/topic_list.png
     :alt: topic\_list
     :scale: 40%

- Click **NEW TOPIC**
- In the **New topic** dialog, please fill the following fields:

  - Type Topic name **topic00**
  - Type patitions **1**
  - Type Repliction factor **1**
  - Click **ADD**

  .. figure:: images/new_topic00.png
     :alt: new\_topic00
     :scale: 40%

- Click **NEW TOPIC**
- In the **New topic** dialog, please fill the following fields:
  - Type Topic name **topic01**
  - Type patitions **1**
  - Type Repliction factor **1**
  - Click **ADD**

  .. figure:: images/new_topic01.png
     :alt: new\_topic01
     :scale: 40%

- Now you can see two topics to create the completion in the list

  .. figure:: images/new_topic_list2.png
     :alt: new\_topic\_list2
     :scale: 40%

Upload StreamApp Jar
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Ohara stream-app is an unparalleled wrap of kafka streams which gives you a straightforward thought to design your

Reviewer: Wrapper or wrap? Not quite sure :)

Author: I would like to remove this paragraph, so we can ignore this.

streaming flow. It offers a simple way to implement and define actions to process data between topics.

  .. tip::
    In this step, you can upload a stream-app jar for later usage in the Ohara Pipeline. There have a
    pre-prepared stream-app jar for this Quickstart, you can just download from
    `release <https://github.com/oharastream/ohara-quickstart/releases>`_ page.

    .. figure:: images/download_assets.png
       :alt: download_assets
       :scale: 50%

- Click **STREAM JARS**
- Click **NEW JAR**
- Upload file **ohara-streamapp.jar**

  .. figure:: images/stream_list.png
     :alt: stream\_list
     :scale: 25%

----

Create data pipeline
---------------------

  Ohara Pipeline allows you to define your data stream, use **Connector** to connect the external storage systems,

>   and use **StreamApp** to customize data transformation and stream processing.

Reviewer: Hmm, is this duplicate content? Does it also appear in line 156?

Author: Will remove it

>   In this section, we will create a data pipeline using Ohara Manager. The following items are  the tasks that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this section, we will create a data pipeline using Ohara Manager. The following items are the tasks that we
```
